since the dawn of commercial aviation in
the 1920s the popularity of air travel
has grown at an insatiable rate today
more than 3.5 billion passengers travel
by plane each year equivalent to half of
our planet's population with technology
design and enhanced fuel efficiency now
allowing commercial aircraft to fly
faster and cheaper than at any points
before the ever-increasing demand for
air travel shows little sign of
relenting
as a result destinations around the
world are under pressure to expand their
existing facilities or to construct
large new hubs with state-of-the-art
facilities automated systems artificial
intelligence vast construction product
teams and designs from some of the
world's leading architects this is a new
age of airport design
[Music]
with its main airports quickly
approaching capacity construction of
Beijing's second international facility
began in 2014
designed by the late Zaha Hadid the 12
billion US dollar scheme will deliver
four runways and a terminal that
consists of a central hub from which six
concourses radiate allowing flexible
aircraft movements while reducing
walking distances for passengers
expected to become the world's largest
airport upon its completion in September
2019 Beijing's
taxing international will serve seventy
two million passengers a year by 2025
despite its already fast scale the site
has been designed for further expansion
in the future with space for three more
runways taking its capacity to over a
hundred million passengers per year
built on reclaimed land just off the
coast of South Korea Incheon
International has been undergoing a
series of planned expansions since it
first opened in 2001 completing phase
three and opening its second terminal
just ahead of the 2018 Winter Olympic
Games in Pyeongchang the airport
currently has capacity for 62 million
passengers each year making it one of
the busiest in Asia
along with the usual facilities the
airport also features a golf course spa
casino indoor garden and Museum of
Korean culture in addition operators
claimed to have got processing times
down to just 19 minutes for departures
and 12 minutes for arrivals well below
the global averages ranking consistently
as one of the airports council
internationals best airports in the
world the South Korean government has
invested over five billion u.s. dollars
into the project to date with the aim of
making it a mega hub for East Asia in
terms of both passenger numbers and
Freight with the fourth and final phase
of its development set for completion in
2020 Incheon International will boast
two terminals for satellite concourse is
a hundred and twenty eight gates five
runways and a capacity of 100 million
passengers each year
[Music]
the airport once described by former US
Vice President Joe Biden as third world
is undergoing a major eight billion u.s.
dollar redevelopment transforming it
into a world-class facility that New
Yorkers can be truly proud of commencing
in 2016 with works to Terminal B the
airport has so far continued to operate
throughout the redevelopment works with
a number of Airlines temporarily
relocating to other terminals the scheme
will eventually unify terminals B C and
D into one continuous structure almost a
mile long offering state-of-the-art
passenger facilities improved mobility
and an annual capacity of over 50
million passengers
sky bridges between the terminal
building and departure gates will be
high enough to allow aircraft to taxi
beneath while the new air train
LaGuardia will connect the airport to
New York's existing transport system
opening in stages up to 2021 the new
LaGuardia will be the first Airport we
built in the United States in over 20
years set to take off by 2022 the new
terminal 2 at q8 International will
significantly expand the airport
adding 28 gates and increasing capacity
by 13 million passengers each year
the triangular building has a central
height of 25 meters facades that span
over 1.2 kilometers and a vast total
area of 708 thousand square meters
located in one of the hottest inhabited
areas of the world the roof features
photovoltaics and is punctuated to allow
natural light into the building while
deflecting direct solar radiation these
features along with the thermal
properties of its concrete structure are
sets make the new facility the first
LEED Gold certified passenger terminal
in the world
with tan sonnets International Airport
already the busiest in the country and
processing some seven million passengers
a year above its twenty five million
passenger capacity the Vietnamese
government approved the construction of
a new airport to relieve pressure and
help boost their economy with
construction originally due to commence
in 2021
works on the long Thanh International
Airport in Vietnam were brought forward
two years and are now due to start in
2019 the airport's design draws heavily
from lotus flowers an inspiration which
can be seen throughout the terminal
planned in three phases the seven-point
eight billion u.s. dollar first stage is
set to complete by 2025 and will consist
of a terminal and two runways capable of
processing twenty five million
passengers each year phase two will
expand the airport's capacity to 50
million passengers by 2035 while its
third and final phase will allow long
Thanh to serve between 80 and a hundred
million passengers each year by 2015
if you enjoyed this video and would like
to get more from the definitive video
channel for construction subscribe to
the b1m
[Music]